---
layout: post
title: My Life Journey
---

I am a Kenyan youth in the middle twenties with a commitment in doing all that is, positively possible, to achieve the best in life and bring change to this world, which I will be remembered for even after my last breath. My life began in humble beginnings in the early nineties in a village in the upcountry where I stayed for a very short time before becoming a tourist moving from one place to another depending on where my dad was being sent to serve the nation. In my childhood life, I only knew the existence of two to three kinds of careers or professions, being a priest, a doctor or joining the armed forces. So for me, I liked being a priest partly because during holidays I used go to one of my priest-uncle’s place.

When I joined high-school I had a strong interest in getting to know more about computers and the new technologies that sprouted up day in day out. Due to that I took Computer Studies as one of my subjects. At first things seemed to be hard till in the second year when my dad made me assist his secretary in budget preparation using spreadsheets and funny enough that was my holiday assignment. Going back to school there was an opening cat which I scored the highest with a big margin between me and the second person, and that is when things changed. I read more on my own since the tutors during that time were not to be relied if one wanted to progress. So by the time I was done with high-school the spirit and passion was deep in me. Though at some point I developed an interest in: nutrition/catering, from my good cooking which everyone at home praised; forensics and human psychology, so as to get to know people better and interact well with them and be helpful to my community and people around me; I settled to having a career in the IT field.

First thing in the beginning of the year after high-school I got employed by a distant family member to run a cyber and stationery shop which was running within the same office as his clearing and forwarding agent company. After working for about eight months I decided to do a bachelors degree in Computer science. Since I didn’t do physics in my K.C.S.E it was hard for me to get admission to the preferred higher education institutions. So I went to C.U.E.A where they first placed me to take a 2 years pre-university course then join their degree course afterwards, but after I was done, I went to take my degree in Kabarak University. Here is now where one begins to wonder what the course they took is all about, mostly in the first half of the course duration, since you wanted to do something and ask about it and people advice you to go for computer science. So you get in and you begin asking yourself is this what I really wanted? At this time it is just the basics and you feel like, no no no, this is not it but then you just give yourself some hope that you will do something worth it looking at the people you know have done the same and are successful. In the third year, with the curriculum and little exposure at that time, I came to realize that I have to push myself to do more at-least to have a career and be successful in life.

After campus I tried to search for a job as I took a mobile programming course but towards the end of the stipulated course period, I had a tragic road accident, which forced me to totally rest for almost an year. I thank God for keeping me alive. I then started making follow-up on my team’s progress in Negawatt challenge that I took part in, shortly before the accident and one step at a time I was back again. After the challenge my team, now Pawa Tele Ltd, was the first runners up. After that I made a trial to get into Andela Kenya and be a fellow but I was not successful, though I was offered the chance to attend Andela21 program for a period of three weeks. So after having like four interviews since I completed my bachelors degree, I decided to join Moringa School and have an experience that will up my game in the software development field. I went for their interview and here I am at Moringa School, with a mission to create connections and opportunities, through understanding the people around me, while enhancing my skills, hence increasing my abilities to identify problems, and providing solutions that will positively impact and ease our daily activities.
